Part 3 : Bugs 

  In this txt you should indicate what the issue you fixed was, where it was, 
  and if it has a proper name identified by a static analyzer what that name was

Course.java:
1.Issue: Returns instructor's name instead of the course location (calls wrong variable)
  Where: getCourseLocation() 
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

2.Issue: Returns course location instead of instructor's name
  Where: getInstructorName() 
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

3.Issue: Returns false always, doesn't check if the course is full or not
  Where: enrollStudent() 
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

4.Issue: Returns false always, doesn't check if there are any students enrolled or not
  Where: dropStudent() 
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing 

5.Issue: Returns false always, doesn't check if there are any students enrolled or not
  Where: dropStudent() 
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing 

5.Issue: The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation. (it needs to override the superclass)
  Where: toString()
  Static Analyzer: MissingOverride:

Department.java
1.Issue: Returns a negative number of majors instead of the positive number of majors
  Where: getNumberOfMajors()
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

2.Issue: Returns a string "this.departmentChair" instead of the actual departmentChair
  Where: getDepartmentChair()
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

3.Issue: Does not check if you can drop a majors
  Where: dropPersonFromMajor() 
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

4.Issue: Use map instead of hashmap for loose coupling. 
  Where: instances where there is HashMap 
  Static Analyzer: LooseCoupling

Individual Project Application

1.Issue: Position literals first in String comparisons
  Where: run()
  Static Analyzer: LiteralsFirstInComparisons:

2.Issue: Change to map instead of hashmap
  Where: several locations where there is a hashmap, see pmd report for details
  Static Analyzer: LooseCoupling:

MyFileDatabase:
1.Issue: Change to map instead of hashmap
  Where: several locations where there is a hashmap, see pmd report for details
  Static Analyzer: LooseCoupling:

RouteController:
1.Issue: The HTTP ok and not found are switched. 
  Where: retrieveDepartment()
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

2.Issue: HTTP was set to forbidden when the course was found
  Where: retrieveCourse()
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

3.Issue: HTTP set to forbidden instead of Notfound if a department is not found, the -departmentMapping.get(deptCode)
  should be positive (departmentMapping.get(deptCode))
  Where: getMajorCtFromDept()
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

4.Issue: This returns string "some time ", instead of the requested course time, added a variable to get the course timeslot
  Where: findCourseTime()
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

5.Issue: handleException always returns a Https.ok HttpStatus
  Where: handleException()
  Static Analyzer: Found through unit testing

Pmd report:
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\Department.java:23:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\Department.java:54:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\Department.java:104:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\Department.java:117:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\IndividualProjectApplication.java:39:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\IndividualProjectApplication.java:84:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\IndividualProjectApplication.java:94:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\MyFileDatabase.java:35:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\MyFileDatabase.java:44:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\MyFileDatabase.java:54:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\MyFileDatabase.java:76:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\MyFileDatabase.java:100:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:40:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:42:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:45:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:48:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:73:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:74:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:78:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:80:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:112:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:113:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:119:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:121:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:146:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:150:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:172:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:176:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:202:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:203:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:209:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:211:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:241:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:242:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:248:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:250:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:280:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:281:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:287:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:289:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:314:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:318:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:341:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:345:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:371:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:372:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:378:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:380:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:411:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:412:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:413:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:419:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:421:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:449:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:450:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:451:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:457:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:459:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:488:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:489:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:490:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:496:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:498:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:526:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:527:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:528:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:534:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\main\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteController.java:536:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\test\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\DepartmentUnitTests.java:25:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\test\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteControllerTests.java:25:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\test\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteControllerTests.java:26:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src\test\java\dev\coms4156\project\individualproject\RouteControllerTests.java:26:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'courseMapping' could be replaced by a local variable.
